amarok is an exact equation with
complex variables that coexist in
harmony the volkswagen experience in
the manufacture of trucks and their rich
history in the production of automobiles
combine in this remarkable pickup
because from its unmistakable design
breathes strength
few moldings and some strokes are enough
just curved to reinforce that character
beautiful and aggressive signed by the
large wolves located front and back
the doors of good proportions
they discover a perfect height for
access comfort
come on
and the interior looks like a sedan
except for its large dimensions a
Smart panel with audio system and
the bizonal conditioner and soft
seat fabrics offer a
sober and comfortable environment
the force announced outside is
confirms when it is underway under
hood carries a powerful diesel engine
biturbo two liters with 180 hp
power and latest technology
generation derived from trucks
heavy
an exuberant torque of 400 Newton
meters and the impeccable automatic
8 speeds with the innovative system of
triple clutch deploy answers
fast and powerful that are a true
delicacy
in the city it is a pleasure to the excellent
Visibility adds the feeling of
typical security of large size and fits
highlight its docility within the
transit behaving like a car
compact
but en route back the big sedan looks
slide silently while the engine
whispers around the 2,000 laps
offering a very cruising speed
comfortable with low consumption
gas
Recovery is also of excellence
just step on the accelerator a little more
so that the box looks for the march
correct and perform the bypassing without
frights off Route
the off-road command prepares her for
overcome difficult situations always
under the protection of a broad
safety and comfort equipment
the volkswagen amarok is not a truck
neither a street car nor a sports car
but he has a little bit of all of them
to perfection
ah